---
layout: post
title: "Game Review - X-Men Origins: Wolverine (XBOX 360)"
date: 2009-06-19 09:54
author: rcadmin
comments: true
categories: [General News]
tags: []
---
I found it odd that Hollywood had to tone down Wolverine to get the PG-13 money, but the corresponding video game is full on Mature. Are any parents really going to tell their 14 year old "you can watch that Wolverine movie but you can't play that Wolverine nintendo tape"? (I say that because all parents call video games "nintendo tapes" regardless of the system and media format).<br /><br />Wolverine has always been a violent character. You don't give a guy knives that come out of his hands and then set him up as a guidance counselor. You give a guy knives so he can use them on bad guys, and that's what the Wolverine video game accomplishes. In the movie Wolverine would use his claws but it was edited enough to keep it PG-13 and there was no blood. However in the game there are no such restrictions. Wolverine stabs guys in the head, cuts them in half and severs limbs. The opening cutscene of the game Wolverine is more viscerally satisfying than anything that happened in the movie.<br /><br />So the game looks really violent, how does it play? Good question, myself. X and Y do your basic slashing attacks and mashing both of them back and forth makes Wolverine do really cool moves. Against melee attacks you can block and counterattack which slows down time and looks impressive without getting old. The best move is targeting a guy and then leaping to him to attack. If you're in a room with multiple guys shooting at you, you can leap from guy to guy slashing them up. Throughout the game you can buy upgrades and new abilities just like most action games.<br /><br /><b>The Final Word<br /></b>Even if you hated the movie don't pass up this game. It's probably better as a rental because I can't see getting hours upon hours of enjoyment out of it. If you're not a comic book fan but you like action games you should give it a look as well.<br /><br /><b>Similar to:<br /></b>God of War, Devil May Cry<br /><br />
